[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[tabbycat.root]
file_filter = tabbycat/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.actionlog]
file_filter = tabbycat/actionlog/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/actionlog/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.adjallocation]
file_filter = tabbycat/adjallocation/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/adjallocation/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.adjfeedback]
file_filter = tabbycat/adjfeedback/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/adjfeedback/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.availability]
file_filter = tabbycat/availability/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/availability/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.breakqual]
file_filter = tabbycat/breakqual/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/breakqual/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.draw]
file_filter = tabbycat/draw/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/draw/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.importer]
file_filter = tabbycat/importer/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/importer/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.motions]
file_filter = tabbycat/motions/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/motions/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.options]
file_filter = tabbycat/options/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/options/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.participants]
file_filter = tabbycat/participants/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/participants/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.printing]
file_filter = tabbycat/printing/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/printing/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.privateurls]
file_filter = tabbycat/privateurls/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/privateurls/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.results]
file_filter = tabbycat/results/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/results/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.standings]
file_filter = tabbycat/standings/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/standings/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.tournaments]
file_filter = tabbycat/tournaments/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/tournaments/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.utils]
file_filter = tabbycat/utils/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/utils/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[tabbycat.venues]
file_filter = tabbycat/venues/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = tabbycat/venues/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO
